README.md, before:

## CALCULATOR
> A calculator project built to understand  Javascript.

![Screenshot loading...](assets\screenshot.png)

## Built With

- CSS
- JAVASCRIPT
- HTML

## Live Demo
<a href="https://rawcdn.githack.com/Habidoye97/calculator/857d23beefe1844793574fdeddea71aba78201d2/index.html" target="_blank">Calculator</a>

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- On the project GitHub page, navigate to the main page of the repository [this page](https://github.com/Habidoye97/calculator.git).
- Under the repository name, locate and click on a green button named `Code`.
- Copy the project URL as displayed.
- If you're running Windows Operating System, open your command prompt. On Linux, Open your terminal.
- Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made. Leave as it is if the current location is where you want the project to be.
- Type `git clone`, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 3.<br>
  `$ git clone https://github.com/Habidoye97/calculator.git` <em>Press Enter key</em><br>
- Press Enter. Your local copy will be created.

Please Note that you must have github installed on your PC, this can be done

### Prerequisites

- [Git](https://gist.github.com/derhuerst/1b15ff4652a867391f03).
- Web browser (Chrome/Firefox)
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

### Usage

Click on the live demo link and peruse the app.

### Making Changes

- `npm install` to install the dependencies and packages
- `npm start` to test the app after changes were made

## Author

👤 **Abidoye Abiodun**

- Github: [@habidoye](https://github.com/Habidoye97)
- Linkedin: [Abidoye Abiodun](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abidoye-abiodun-peter-59b30a143/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Habidoye97/calculator/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com)
- [Taofeek Olalere](https://github.com/teekaytech)

Commit message:

Edit my Readme file for the changes required

README.md, after:

## CALCULATOR
> A calculator project built to understand  Javascript.

<img src="assets\screenshot.png">

## Built With

- CSS
- JAVASCRIPT
- HTML

## Live Demo
<a href="https://rawcdn.githack.com/Habidoye97/calculator/857d23beefe1844793574fdeddea71aba78201d2/index.html" target="_blank">Calculator</a>

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- On the project GitHub page, navigate to the main page of the repository [this page](https://github.com/Habidoye97/calculator.git).
- Under the repository name, locate and click on a green button named `Code`.
- Copy the project URL as displayed.
- If you're running Windows Operating System, open your command prompt. On Linux, Open your terminal.
- Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made. Leave as it is if the current location is where you want the project to be.
- Type `git clone`, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 3.<br>
  `$ git clone https://github.com/Habidoye97/calculator.git` <em>Press Enter key</em><br>
- Press Enter. Your local copy will be created.

Please Note that you must have github installed on your PC, this can be done

### Prerequisites

- [Git](https://gist.github.com/derhuerst/1b15ff4652a867391f03).
- Web browser (Chrome/Firefox)
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

### Usage

Click on the live demo link and peruse the app.

### Making Changes

- `npm install` to install the dependencies and packages
- `To start` the project after changes have been made, click to Go Live from the status bar to turn the server on/off or Right click on a HTML file from Explorer Window and click on `Open with Live Server`. 

## Author

👤 **Abidoye Abiodun**

- Github: [@habidoye](https://github.com/Habidoye97)
- Linkedin: [Abidoye Abiodun](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abidoye-abiodun-peter-59b30a143/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Habidoye97/calculator/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com)
- [Taofeek Olalere](https://github.com/teekaytech)
